Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/pushpins/default-pushpin-with-text-example.md

---
title: "Default Pushpin with Text Example | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Provides a code example that shows how to change the default pushpin on the map to have a number and a text label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Example code demonstrating how to create a pushpin at the center of the map and set values for the text, title and subTitle properties.
```
